Document delay subparameter in transform checkpoints and usage guide (#125280)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/usage.asciidoc

uses a complex aggregation over a large dataset, it may be more efficient to
create a {transform} to cache results. Thus, each user doesn't need to run the
aggregation query.

* You need to account for late-arriving data.
+
In some cases, data might not be immediately available when a {transform} runs, leading to missing records in the destination index. This can happen due to ingestion delays, where documents take a few seconds or minutes to become searchable after being indexed.

> To handle this, the `delay` parameter in the {transform}'s sync configuration allows you to postpone processing new data. Instead of always querying the most recent records, the {transform} will skip a short period of time (e.g., 60 seconds) to ensure all relevant data has arrived before processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle this, the `delay` parameter in the {transform}'s sync configuration allows you to postpone processing new data. Instead of always querying the most recent records, the {transform} will skip a short period of time (for example, 60 seconds) to ensure all relevant data has arrived before processing.
```
